Updated adding a regular DMA agent (#5368)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Administrator_guide/DataMiner_Systems/Adding_a_DMA/Adding_a_regular_DataMiner_Agent.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> - Before you add a DataMiner Agent, make sure the IP network ports are configured correctly, see [Configuring the IP network ports](xref:Configuring_the_IP_network_ports), and connection strings are configured (if necessary), see [Connection strings](xref:Connection_strings).

> > - If you are running a DataMiner version lower than 10.5.0 CU4, also make sure the machine where you are running Cube can access the new agent over the IP that is used for adding it, even when using connection strings.

Reviewer: We usually start with the lowest version, and combine them with slashes:
```suggestion
> - If you are running a DataMiner version lower than 10.4.0 [CU16]/10.5.0 [CU4]/10.4.7, also make sure the machine where you are running Cube can access the new Agent over the IP that is used for adding it, even when connection strings are used.
```
